Add documentation to loop contracts, __CPROVER_loop_entry (#8377)
diffblue/cbmc: src/goto-instrument/contracts/doc/user/contracts-history-variables.md

## In Loop Contracts

### Syntax

```c
__CPROVER_loop_entry(*identifier*)
```

### Parameters

> `__CPROVER_loop_entry` takes a variable of the used inside the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`__CPROVER_loop_entry` takes a variable name that is in scope at the place of the loop contract.
```

### Semantics
`__CPROVER_loop_entry` takes a snapshot of the variable value right before the **first iteration** of the loop.

### Example

> In this example the loop invariants checks that x <= 200 is upheld before and after every iteration of the while loop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the loop invariant asserts that `x <= 200` is upheld before and after every iteration of the `while` loop:
```

```c
void my_function()
{

>   uint x = 200;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  unsigned x = 200;
```
